Add RemoveState option to TestStep (#118)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-testing: website/docs/plugin/testing/acceptance-tests/teststep.mdx

infrastructure, using the same logic as would be used when running
`terraform refresh`.

> _RemoveState_ mode is used for testing resources that should not be deleted
> at the end of the `TestCase`. It allows to clean up state from particular resources
> that should not be automatically destroyed. For example, you want to write test
> for existing resource: you import it, do some test steps and at the end of all steps
> you need to keep, preventing automatic destroying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_RemoveState_ mode is used for testing resources that should not be deleted
at the end of the `TestCase`; providing a mechanism to remove said resources from state
before the final `destroy` command is executed. For example, this can be used with `Import`,
to test resources that are time-consuming or expensive to destroy and re-create for each test.
```

Usage:

> - should not be present in the same `TestStep` as `Config: "not empty"`, `ImportState` or `RefreshState`.
> - should not be present in the first `TestStep` similar to `RefreshState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Should not be present in the same `TestStep` as `Config: "not empty"`, `ImportState` or `RefreshState`.
- Should not be present in the first `TestStep` similar to `RefreshState`.
```
